Add conda update instructions to README (#13343)
conda/conda: README.md

that only includes conda and its dependencies.

## Updating conda

To update `conda` to the newest version, use the following command:

```
$ conda update -n base conda
```

> It is possible that `conda update` does not install the newest version
> if the existing `conda` version is far behind the current release.
> In this case, updating needs to be done in stages.
> 
> For example, to update from `conda 4.12` to `conda 23.10.0`,
> `conda 22.11.1` needs to be installed first:
> 
> ```
> $ conda install -n base conda=22.11.1
> $ conda update conda
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
> [!TIP]
> It is possible that `conda update` does not install the newest version
> if the existing `conda` version is far behind the current release.
> In this case, updating needs to be done in stages.
>
> For example, to update from `conda 4.12` to `conda 23.10.0`,
> `conda 22.11.1` needs to be installed first:
>
> ```
> $ conda install -n base conda=22.11.1
> $ conda update conda
> ```
````

@marcoesters,

What do you think about putting this additional information in a "Tip" callout box?
